DC recently ich announced their film
lineup and there are some exciting
titles to be seen here Justice League
flash Wonder Woman I was a little sad
that there's no Wonder Twins movie in
the works but that's why I'm here today
I'm going through the five DC movies
that have not been announced that I
personally would love to see I won't be
including a solo Batman movie or sequel
the Man of Steel here because those
movies are already in the works
alright the intro is done let's start
starting off at number five is Booster
Gold Booster Gold or Michael John Carter
is an arrogant superhero from the future
who went back in time to seek glory and
fame and all that jazz he used his
future tech and his knowledge of past
events to Sage heroic acts that really
weren't that heroic however after some
personal loss and lessons and those kind
of things
Booster Gold became a true hero more or
less first off this will be a visually
stunning movie to see with the hope of
future gadgets he can fly shoot power
blasts punch people everything he also
has a pretty cool little robot called
Skeets that flies around with him
everywhere
also there was a Booster Gold Easter egg
and Man of Steel the blaze Comics logo
in the background hints at well plays
comics a fictional comic company that
published Booster Gold comics in the DC
Universe so that might be a nod to the
fact that DC is already making this
hopefully number four is Black Canary
this is a pretty interesting character
she's an expert in hand-to-hand combat
and knows how to use a lot of weapons
but what she's most known for is her
screech or the canary cry the sonic
scream can shatter glass and pretty much
immobilized most enemies she's also most
frequently seen with Green Arrow who
she's romantically involved with and who
she eventually marries in the comics it
would also be great to see more
superhero in movies because while it's
great that Marvel and DC are both
branching out to non male centric movies
keep in mind that between the two of
them there are only two female superhero
movies coming out over the next five
years at number 3 is Martian Manhunter
this would be an amazing movie but only
if it's done the right way
Martian Manhunter or Jean is
ridiculously overpowered today I'm all
of his powers would take a whole other
video but just to round them up he can
fly he's as strong as Superman he can
read minds he can shape-shift he can
become intangible he can shoot lasers
from his eyes he's all around the
superhero that you want to be and he
only really has one weakness fire well
he has a few others but those don't
really matter this is what I mean by
doing the movie the right way there
needs to be a way to make the character
relatable and there needs to be a
villain that can actually be a match to
this walking set of powers perhaps those
aliens that appeared
first episode of the Justice League
cartoon anyway if you got a good lead
actor for Jean and a good director
then this would be an amazing film
coming in at number two is Nightwing
some people might be a little surprised
that Nightwing isn't number one but oh
well can't please everyone if you don't
know who Nightwing is he's normally
speaking Dick Grayson the previous Robin
who went on to greater things some other
heroes have also taken on the mantle
Nightwing was trained by Batman but
isn't the Batman ripoff as far as
weapons go he uses those electro stick
things to beat up criminals and he's all
around a really cool character he also
doesn't have to be in Gotham but rather
Bludhaven his own little crime-infested
City now before I get to number one
there are a few characters that I still
want to see got movies but they just
couldn't make it since there are only
five slots and for my final illusion I'd
like to pull a rabbit out of my hat
beware my power Green
he's bigger than my car now Katie
personally I blame you how can it
possibly be my fault because otherwise
it would be my fault I can't write I'm a
professor when are we going out on a
real date
and my number one is of course bouncing
boy seriously I can't wait to see him
just bounce all over some bad guys what
a cinematic masterpiece that'll be no my
actual number one is the question now I
realize that quite a few people may not
know who the question is which is quite
a shame considering what a cool
character he is like I've said before
he's like Batman but with no face and
also without that one rule he will kill
if he has to in the Justice League
cartoon alone he tries to kill Lex
Luthor to save the free world however
turned out that Lex Luthor was a
tentacle robot so you know there's that
he's super smart super sneaky super
interesting and is not one to play by
the rules that other heroes play by
Slenderman meets Sherlock Holmes boom so
those are the DC movies that I'd love to
see what movie that isn't on the slate
do you want be sure to let me know in
the comments hit the like button and
subscribe for more videos like the one
you just watched
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time